#0:Unkown, 1:Who, 2:What, 3:When, 4:Affirmation
DESC:manner 0 How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
DESC:manner 0 How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
ENTY:animal 2 What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
ABBR:exp 2 What is the full form of com ?
HUM:ind 1 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
HUM:gr 2 What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
HUM:title 2 What is the oldest profession ?
DESC:def 2 What are liver enzymes ?
NUM:date 3 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
DESC:reason 0 Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
HUM:ind 1 Who killed Gandhi ?
ENTY:event 2 What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
LOC:state 2 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
DESC:desc 2 What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
NUM:count 0 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
DESC:def 2 What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
DESC:def 2 What is an annotated bibliography ?
NUM:date 3 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
ENTY:other 2 What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
DESC:desc 2 What 's the Olympic motto ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?i2 What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
ENTY:other 2 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
LOC:state 2 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
ENTY:exp 2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
ENTY:other 2 What does a spermologer collect ?
NUM:count 0 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
HUM:gr 2 Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
NUM:count 0 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
DESC:desc 2 What do Mormons believe ?
NUM:date 3 When did the neanderthal man live ?
ENTY:religion 2 In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
LOC:other 0 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
ENTY:animal 2 What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
DESC:manner 0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
ENTY:other 1 What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
NUM:count 0 How many people in the world speak French ?
NUM:count 0 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
DESC:manner 0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
HUM:ind 1 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
ENTY:food 2 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
HUM:gr 2 What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
DESC:manner 0 How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
ENTY:other 2 What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
LOC:country 2 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
DESC:def 2 What is ethology ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
DESC:desc 0 Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
DESC:def 2 What is the nature of learning ?
ENTY:color 2 What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What 's the term for a young fox ?
LOC:state 2 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
DESC:def 2 What is the Kashmir issue ?
LOC:other 0 Where is the Loop ?
DESC:def 2 What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
LOC:country 2 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
DESC:def 2 What is titanium ?
HUM:ind 1 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
LOC:city 2 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles ?
DESC:def 2 What is a caldera ?
DESC:reason 0 Why do people get calluses ?
LOC:other 2 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
DESC:reason 2 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
LOC:other 2 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
ENTY:other 2 What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the history of skateboarding ?
HUM:ind 1 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
DESC:manner 0 How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
HUM:ind 1 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
ENTY:body 2 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
DESC:manner 0 How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
LOC:country 2 What country did the Nazis occupy for?
ENTY:other 2 What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
NUM:count 0 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the origin of head lice ?
LOC:state 2 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
ENTY:animal 2 What was the first domesticated bird ?
NUM:count 0 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
LOC:country 2 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
ENTY:dismed 2 What is a fear of shadows ?
HUM:ind 1 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
NUM:date 3 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
NUM:date 3 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
DESC:reason 2 What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
DESC:def 2 What are bear and bull markets ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
DESC:def 2 What is the meaning of Jesus ?
HUM:gr 2 What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
DESC:def 2 What is the definition of a cascade ?
NUM:date 3 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
LOC:country 2 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
HUM:ind 1 Who invented Make-up ?
DESC:desc 2 What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
ENTY:animal 2 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
HUM:ind 1 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
HUM:ind 1 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
DESC:manner 0 How do you make a paintball ?
LOC:state 2 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
ENTY:animal 2 What is a female rabbit called ?
LOC:mount 0 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
DESC:desc 0 Where do chihuahuas come from ?
LOC:other 0 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
LOC:other 2 What are the world 's four oceans ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
ENTY:animal 2 What is the largest snake in the world ?
ENTY:cremat 2 In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
LOC:other 0 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
NUM:money 0 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
DESC:def 2 What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
ENTY:product 2 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
DESC:manner 0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
NUM:period 0 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
DESC:manner 0 How do chickens have baby chicks ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
DESC:manner 0 How was the element calcium named ?
HUM:ind 1 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
HUM:gr 2 What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
NUM:date 3 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
DESC:def 2 What is a transistor ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What is a film starring Jude Law ?
ENTY:animal 2 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
ENTY:substance 2 What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
NUM:money 0 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
HUM:ind 1 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
DESC:def 2 What are equity securities ?
NUM:count 0 How many years do fossils take to form ?
LOC:other 0 Where is the Orinoco ?
ENTY:animal 2 What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
LOC:city 2 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the origin of the word , JJ .
NUM:count 0 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
DESC:manner 0 How you can raise your IQ ?
ABBR:exp 2 What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
HUM:gr 1 Who produces Spumante ?
HUM:ind 1 Who earns their money the hard way ?
HUM:ind 1 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
HUM:ind 1 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
NUM:count 0 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
HUM:ind 1 Who discovered electricity ?
ENTY:body 2 What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the first American in space ?
LOC:country 2 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
DESC:def 2 What is a dental root canal ?
ENTY:event 2 What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
NUM:date 3 What is the busiest air travel season ?
ENTY:body 2 What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
LOC:other 0 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
HUM:gr 2 Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
LOC:other 2 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
NUM:date 3 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
NUM:count 0 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
LOC:other 0 Where are the 49 steps ?
NUM:date 3 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
HUM:ind 1 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
HUM:ind 1 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
ENTY:cremat 2 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
HUM:gr 2 What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
DESC:desc 0 Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
DESC:reason 0 Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
NUM:count 0 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
LOC:city 2 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
ENTY:sport 2 What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
HUM:ind 2 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
HUM:title 2 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
DESC:reason 0 Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
DESC:def 2 What is the 401 , K , plan ?
DESC:reason 2 What causes pneumonia ?
NUM:date 3 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
LOC:country 2 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
ENTY:dismed 2 What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
LOC:other 0 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
HUM:gr 2 Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
LOC:city 2 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
ENTY:body 2 What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
HUM:ind 1 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
HUM:ind 1 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
NUM:date 3 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
LOC:country 2 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
DESC:manner 0 How do I start a web based business ?
DESC:def 2 What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
DESC:manner 0 How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
NUM:date 3 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
HUM:ind 1 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
HUM:ind 1 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
NUM:date 3 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
DESC:reason 2 What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
HUM:gr 2 Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
ENTY:event 2 What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
LOC:city 2 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
DESC:manner 0 How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
DESC:reason 2 What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
NUM:count 0 How many species of sharks are there ?
DESC:def 2 What is `` snoogans '' ?
NUM:count 0 How many people are there in the world ?
ENTY:plant 2 What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
HUM:gr 2 What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
ABBR:exp 2 What does S.O.S. stand for ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
DESC:def 2 What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
ENTY:other 2 What four forms does gold occur in ?
NUM:volsize 2 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
DESC:manner 0 How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
NUM:date 3 When did beethoven die ?
NUM:money 0 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
LOC:country 2 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
DESC:def 2 What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
HUM:ind 1 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
DESC:reason 2 What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
NUM:count 0 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
LOC:mount 2 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
ENTY:techmeth 2 What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
HUM:ind 2 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
ENTY:dismed 2 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
ENTY:food 2 What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
NUM:count 0 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
DESC:def 2 What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
LOC:other 0 Where was George Washington born ?
NUM:count 0 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
HUM:ind 1 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
DESC:def 2 What is paracetamol ?
DESC:desc 2 What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
ENTY:animal 2 Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
NUM:date 3 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
HUM:ind 1 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the origin of the name Katie ?
HUM:gr 2 What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
NUM:date 3 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
HUM:desc 1 Who is Terrence Malick ?
ENTY:instru 2 What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
DESC:def 2 What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
ENTY:other 2 What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
LOC:other 2 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
NUM:date 3 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
ABBR:exp 2 CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
NUM:date 3 When did World War I start ?
NUM:count 0 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
DESC:def 2 What is a Canada two-penny black ?
LOC:city 2 What European city do Nicois live in ?
DESC:manner 0 How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
DESC:def 2 What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
ENTY:other 2 To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
ENTY:techmeth 2 What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
ENTY:food 2 What did brontosauruses eat ?
ENTY:color 2 What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
HUM:ind 1 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
DESC:def 2 What is molybdenum ?
NUM:date 3 When is Boxing Day ?
ENTY:other 2 What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
NUM:date 3 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
NUM:count 0 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
ENTY:animal 2 What 's the official animal of Canada ?
NUM:date 3 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
NUM:volsize 2 What is the size of the largest akita ?
ENTY:animal 2 What animal has the biggest eyes ?
LOC:city 2 What is California 's capital ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
LOC:country 2 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
DESC:manner 0 How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
LOC:other 0 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What do Italians call Florence ?
DESC:manner 0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
ABBR:exp 2 What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
LOC:other 2 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
ENTY:animal 2 Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
LOC:city 2 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
ENTY:termeq 2 What is Latin for incompetent ?
ENTY:dismed 2 What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
HUM:gr 2 What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
ENTY:sport 2 What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
HUM:ind 1 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
ABBR:abb 2 What is the abbreviation for micro ?
ENTY:other 2 What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
HUM:gr 1 Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
ABBR:exp 2 What does NASDAQ stand for ?
ABBR:exp 2 What is BPH ?
ENTY:other 2 What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
LOC:other 2 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
HUM:ind 1 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
DESC:reason 0 Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
NUM:other 2 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
NUM:date 3 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
HUM:ind 1 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
LOC:state 2 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
ENTY:techmeth 2 What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
LOC:state 2 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
HUM:gr 2 What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
DESC:manner 0 How did the tradition of best man start ?
NUM:count 0 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
LOC:other 2 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
ENTY:color 2 What are Halloween 's colors ?
DESC:manner 0 How is silk screening done ?
NUM:other 2 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
HUM:ind 1 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
HUM:ind 1 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
DESC:manner 0 How do you match a name to a social security number ?
DESC:manner 0 How does a rainbow form ?
NUM:other 2 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
NUM:other 2 What is the population of Ohio ?
NUM:count 0 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
DESC:def 2 Hazmat stands for what ?
ENTY:animal 2 What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
HUM:ind 2 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
HUM:ind 1 Who followed Caesar ?
ENTY:substance 2 What are the four elements ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
ENTY:other 2 What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
LOC:other 2 What is Answers.com 's address ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
HUM:ind 1 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
HUM:gr 1 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
ENTY:product 2 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
HUM:ind 1 Who invented the radio ?
NUM:count 2 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
ENTY:techmeth 2 What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
DESC:manner 0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
NUM:speed 2 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
ENTY:other 2 What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
HUM:ind 1 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
LOC:other 2 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
NUM:date 3 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
NUM:count 0 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
DESC:reason 2 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
HUM:ind 1 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
HUM:gr 1 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
ENTY:animal 2 What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
LOC:city 2 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
DESC:def 2 What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
ENTY:other 2 What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
DESC:manner 0 How successful is arometherapy ?
ENTY:event 2 What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
DESC:manner 0 How does a copier work ?
NUM:speed 2 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
HUM:ind 1 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
ENTY:animal 2 What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
HUM:ind 1 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
LOC:other 0 Where does chocolate come from ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
HUM:ind 1 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
ENTY:event 2 What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
HUM:ind 1 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
NUM:count 0 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
ABBR:abb 2 What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
LOC:mount 2 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
HUM:ind 1 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
DESC:reason 2 What is the function of RAM ?
LOC:other 2 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
NUM:count 0 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
ENTY:dismed 2 What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
HUM:ind 2 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
HUM:ind 1 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
LOC:other 0 Where is Basque country located ?
ENTY:product 2 What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
NUM:date 3 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
ENTY:other 2 What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
DESC:def 2 What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
NUM:count 0 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
ENTY:foodi 2 What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
LOC:city 2 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
NUM:count 0 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
ENTY:cremat 2 What is the longest-running television series ?
ENTY:animal 2 What predators exist on Antarctica ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
DESC:manner 0 How is energy created ?
ENTY:food 2 What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
NUM:other 2 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
ENTY:techmeth 2 What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
ENTY:other 2 What are the different types of plastic ?
DESC:manner 0 How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
LOC:mount 2 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
LOC:other 0 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
LOC:country 2 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
NUM:date 3 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
HUM:gr 1 What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
LOC:city 2 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
HUM:ind 1 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
NUM:count 0 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
LOC:other 0 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
LOC:state 2 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
DESC:desc 2 What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
NUM:date 3 What year did Hitler die ?
HUM:ind 1 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
ENTY:animal 2 What kind of animal is Babar ?
ENTY:otheri 2 What killed Bob Marley ?
NUM:money 0 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
HUM:ind 1 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
HUM:desc 1 Who is Stein Eriksen ?
DESC:def 2 What does the name Billie mean ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
LOC:mount 2 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
LOC:other 0 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
LOC:other 2 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
ENTY:other 2 What do bicornate animals have two of ?
DESC:reason 2 What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
NUM:count 0 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
NUM:count 0 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
ABBR:exp 2 What does G.M.T. stand for ?
DESC:def 2 What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
ENTY:sport 2 What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
DESC:manner 0 How do I tie dye clothes ?
NUM:date 3 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
DESC:reason 0 Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
HUM:ind 1 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
HUM:ind 1 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
LOC:other 0 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
DESC:reason 2 What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
HUM:ind 1 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
ENTY:word 2 What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
ENTY:instru 2 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
LOC:other 0 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
DESC:reason 2 What makes popcorn pop ?
HUM:ind 1 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
ENTY:body 0 Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
LOC:country 2 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
HUM:ind 1 Who painted Mother and Child ?
NUM:speed 2 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
LOC:other 2 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
LOC:other 2 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
HUM:ind 2 What was Mao 's second name ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
LOC:other 0 Where do hyenas live ?
HUM:desc 1 Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
ENTY:lang 2 What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
HUM:ind 1 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
DESC:def 2 What are Maid-Rites ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
HUM:gr 2 What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
NUM:count 0 How many referees work a soccer game ?
ENTY:food 2 What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
ENTY:termeq 0 How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
DESC:desc 2 What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
DESC:reason 2 What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
NUM:date 3 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
HUM:ind 1 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
ENTY:other 2 What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
HUM:ind 1 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
HUM:gr 2 What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
LOC:city 2 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
HUM:ind 1 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
ENTY:food 2 What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
HUM:ind 1 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
LOC:other 0 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
NUM:count 0 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
HUM:ind 1 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
ENTY:cremat 2 What is the Jewish bible called ?
DESC:reason 0 Why is the grass green ?
HUM:ind 1 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
HUM:gr 2 Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
NUM:period 0 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
LOC:other 2 What was known as the Spice Island ?
HUM:ind 1 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
ENTY:other 2 What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
ENTY:other 2 What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
HUM:ind 1 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
LOC:city 2 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
ENTY:other 2 What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
HUM:ind 1 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
NUM:date 3 What century does Captain Video live in ?
LOC:other 2 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
LOC:city 2 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
DESC:desc 2 What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
DESC:def 2 What is Australia Day ?
p	4	Was Abraham Lincoln the sixteenth President of the United States?
p	4	Did Lincoln sign the National Banking Act of 1863?
p	4	Did his mother die of pneumonia?
p	4	Did Lincoln beat John C. Breckinridge in the 1860 election?
p	4	Was Abraham Lincoln the first President of the United States?
p	4	Did Lincoln start his political career in 1832?
p	4	Did Lincoln ever represent Alton & Sangamon Railroad?
p	4	Do scholars rank lincoln among the top three presidents?
p	4	Did lincoln have 18 months of schooling?
p	4	Was Lincoln chosen as a presidential candidate in 1860?
p	4	Did Abraham Lincoln live in the Frontier?
p	4	Did Lincoln 's Wife 's Family support slavery?
p	4	Is it true that volta became professor of physics?
p	4	Is Volta buried in the city of Como?
p	4	Is the electrolyte sulphuric acid?
p	4	Are Count Volta 's original instruments and papers on display there ?
p	4	Is Volta buried in the city of Como ?
p	4	Was his 1800 paper written in French ?
p	4	Did he not realize that the frog 's leg served as both a conductor of electricity -LRB- we would now call it an electrolyte -RRB- and as a detector of electricity ?
p	4	Does this not make the zinc rod the negative electrode and the copper rod the positive electrode ?
p	4	Is it true that he became a professor in 1820?
p	4	Was Lorenzo Romano Amedeo Carlo Avogadro an Italian savant?
p	4	Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?
p	4	Is he most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?
p	4	Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?
p	4	Is Avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ?
p	4	Is it approximately 6.0221415 10 23 ?
p	4	Did the scientific community not reserve great attention to his theory ?
p	4	Does it not allow chemists to determine the exact amounts of substances produced in a given reaction ?
p	4	Can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english?
p	4	Is it true that he published a collection in 1738?
p	4	Is it true that thermometer had 100 for the freezing point?
p	4	Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden?
p	4	Was Anders Celsius (November 27, 1701 April 25, 1744) a Swedish astronomer?
p	4	Is The Celsius crater on the Moon named after him?
p	4	Had his thermometer 100 for the freezing point of water and 0 for the boiling point ?
p	4	Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden ?
p	4	Did he not determine the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure -LRB- in excellent agreement with modern data -RRB- ?
p	4	Are beetles insects?
p	4	Can beetles be found in polar regions?
p	4	Do beetles antennae function primarily as organs of smell?
p	4	Are certain species of beetles considered pests?
p	4	Is a beetle 's general anatomy uniform?
p	4	Is it possible that there are more than 350,000 species of beetles?
p	4	Is the Adephaga suborder larger than the Polyphaga suborder?
p	4	Do carrion beetles eat dung?
p	4	Are many beetles territorial?
p	4	Are beetles endopterygotes with complete metamorphosis?
p	4	Is there a thriving industry in the collection of beetle specimens for amateur and professional collectors ?
p	4	Have coleopterists formed organisations to facilitate the study of beetles ?
p	4	Is the study of beetles called coleopterology , and its practitioners are coleopterists ?
p	4	May a single female lay from several dozen to several thousand eggs during her lifetime ?
p	4	Can beetles be found in almost all habitats?
p	4	Was Calvin Coolidge the twenty-ninth vice president?
p	4	Did Coolidge graduate from Black River Academy?
p	4	Was Coolidge the thirteenth President of the United States?
p	4	Was Calvin Coolidge Republican?
p	4	Was Calvin Coolidge a governor of Massachusetts?
p	4	Is Calvin Jr. older than John Coolidge?
p	4	Did Coolidge get in Amherst College?
p	4	Was John Calvin Coolidge Jr. was born in Las Vegas?
p	4	Was Coolidge opposed in the Republican nomination for Governor of Massachusetts in 1918?
p	4	Did Coolidge meet and marry Grace Anna Goodhue?
p	4	Have there been other US presidents that have visited Cuba?
p	4	Is it true that he appointed stone to the supreme court?
p	4	Was Coolidge admitted to the bar?
p	4	Was 364 Stone later appointed Chief Justice by President Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
p	4	Were the more well-known Coolidges , such as architect Charles Allerton Coolidge , and diplomat Archibald Cary Coolidge , descended from other branches of the family that had stayed in Massachusetts ?
p	4	Is the genius of the average the most convincing proof of $ his strength?
p	4	Did France cede nearly all of its colonies in Europe in 1763?
p	4	Is Canada a member of the OECD?
p	4	Is Canada's official language Zulu?
p	4	Is Canada bilingual?
p	4	Did Canadian soldiers win the Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917?
p	4	Is an official language of Canada German?
p	4	Is it true that it angered many residents of the thirteen colonies?
p	4	Is it true that provinces have a large degree of autonomy?
p	4	Are Canada 's two official languages English and French ?
p	4	Are Canada 's official national sports ice hockey ( winter ) and lacrosse ( summer ) ?
p	4	Is Canada a geographically vast and ethnically diverse country ?
p	4	Did Mainland Nova Scotia not come under British rule with the Treaty of Utrecht    (: ; ?
p	4	Did Cartier not use the word ` Canada ' to refer to not only that village , but the entire area subject to Donnacona , Chief at Stadacona ?
p	4	Did continental European immigrants not settle the prairies ?
p	4	Is it the world 's second largest country by total area?
p	4	Are ducks in the Arctic Northern Hemisphere migratory?
p	4	Is a drake a male?
p	4	Do all ducks "quack"?
p	4	Do ducks forage underwater?
p	4	Is foie gras often made from ducks?
p	4	Are diving ducks heavier tha dabbling ducks?
p	4	Are ducks an accepted presence in some populated areas?
p	4	Is Egypt bordered by the Gaza Strip?
p	4	Is Egypt the most populated country in Africa?
p	4	Does Egypt have political influence in the Middle East?
p	4	Are there a large number of Jews living in Egypt today?
p	4	Is Egypt in Asia?
p	4	Does Egypt receive the least rainfall in the world?
p	4	Does Egypt's foreign policy operates along moderate lines?
p	4	Does snow fall in Egypt?
p	4	Are elephants the largest land animals alive today?
p	4	Is the tuning G-D-A-E used for most violin music?
